FILL THE GAP

ok - so you DO have a point or so it seems - here's the backtest
results for ftg where you ride past the gap but don't adjust your stop
- only the -3% stop or sell at 15:55 - i'm surprised - i didn't think
it would be this good - 12/1 to 5/27 25k 4x reinvest

ftg - 18mil
ftg and beyond - 92mil
ftg no adjust stop - 238mil

here is my strategy if anyone would like to verify..

entry
Bar[Open,D]<=0.985*Bar[Close,D,1] AND Bar[Hour,1]*100+Bar[Minute,1]
=930

exit
Bar[Low,1]<=0.97*Bar[Open,D] OR Bar[Hour,1]*100+Bar[Minute,1]=1555

i reran it and same results - for some reason i'm missing two days
when i backtest.. haven't gone through in detail but i see a row of
-3% losses - 4, 5, 9 consecutive days of losses in a row - so the
rewards seem higher if you can stomach the losses but i'm sticking
with ftgb..

On May 27, 9:45 pm, reli...@gmail.com wrote: 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The rules are as follows,

Buy which ever ETF starts to go up after the open and use a 1.25%
manual  trailing stop trigger to switch between the two ETF's

Sell the ETF anywhere from .75 %  to  1.25 % trailing stop trigger and
buy the other ETF but  beware of  1% trailing direction changes...
many will be  fake..

If the price drops after you buy it , switch to the other ETF
immediately and hold that position until you hit another 1.25%
trailing stop or the price starts to drop to the buy price
again   ....then switch to the other ETF ( this is the hard part and
requires skill and practice. It can't be automated with any kind of
trading program , )

Always switch to the other ETF when the price  goes higher and back
down to the buy again  ...  ( AKA a wash sale )  unless the prices
does higher than 1.25% and then drops 1.25% , then you sell at a
profit and switch to the other ETF ( See charts for an example )

End the session if the starting account balance drops lower than 1.5%
or at the close of the market , which ever comes first .............

You can enter this strategy any time after the market opens.

You can use smaller trailing stops for faster moving price changes and
its best to use a manual trailing stop..

The goal is to get  " under " the red/green line and then switch to
the other ETF at a trailing switch  point with a profit as many times
as you can before the EOD 
